# Survey: Optimizing Student Teacher Interactions?
The essential purpose of this project was to optimize the discussion sections for an upper division statistics course at the University of California, Berkley. In addition, the main goal was to improve the interactions between students and the lecturer in charge (Possibly through the use of video games during discussion sections). To tackle this task, we were given a data set of survey responses to work with.   

As this was a group project, the work was divided amongst the 6 members of our team. My particular role was to figure out why the students enjoyed playing video games, as well as to discover the proportion of students that liked video games in general.   

To determine the reason students enjoyed video games, we began by looking at the given data set. Using the statistical package R, my partner (Soroosh Daraei) and I decided that we should run a Logit model on a variable named Like. This particular variable categorically defined the degree to which a student enjoyed playing video games. The issue here however was that Logit requires that the dependent variable be binary responses. With this, my partner and I began by doing a restructuring of the data string from a categorical format to a binary one, followed by running the desired Logit model. The results yielded were then analyzed. Our conclusions, students who thought that video games were educational were more inclined to play them. Additionally, gender played a big role as well. From this, we then were easily able to figure out the proportion of students that responded that they liked playing video games by doing some simply arithmetic on the restructured Like variable. 
